# Game Closure SDK Documentation

## Layout

This repository is separated in to the following directories:

* `api` ---Contains the markdown files used to generate the API Reference, ordered by namespace.
* `guide` ---Contains the markdown files used to generate user guides.
* `html` ---The html and styles for the doc website. Documentation generated by the markdown files is placed in here.
* `build` ---Scripts and templates used to build the documentation.
* `examples` ---Sample code and miscellany. Display examples are in the `addon-examples` repo.

## Editing

All documentation is written in markdown and converted to html
using Pandoc. Subsequently, any of Pandoc's [supported syntax](http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc/README.html) 
will work in these documents.

Simple, trivial, edits can be done directly through the
GitHub interface. Simply select the file and click the
*Edit* button in the top-right corner. Make your
modification and submit a commit message. This will be
applied directly to the branch you are browsing (probably
**master**), so some care should be taken.

For non-trivial edits it is best to create a separate branch
and submit a pull request, the same as other software projects.

## Wiki

Additional documentation that is not yet in the API reference
or usage guides can be found in the [wiki](https://github.com/gameclosure/doc/wiki)
of this repo.

## Build Local

To build a local copy of the documentation you need to
install [Pandoc](http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc/) on your
machine. This is used to convert the markdown to html.

With the prerequisites installed, simply run the shell script:

~~~
$ ./build/make-doc
~~~

This will output the generated documentation in the `html` directory.

## Build Remote

If generating documentation on the `doc.gameclosure.com`
public-facing server, log in, change to the directory `/home/doc/src/doc`,
and run the following commands as the `doc` user:

~~~
$ sudo -u doc git pull
$ sudo -u doc ./build/make-doc
~~~

This will update the repository and build the documentation
that is served from the web. The `html` directory is the
root of `http://doc.gameclosure.com`, so any file placed in
this directory will be public. You can place symlinks in
this directory if you wish to expose additional files
outside of this repository.
